# Summary

**A Soldier’s Scrapbook** - Jakob Bauer is a curator at the Veteran’s Museum in Raleigh, North Carolina. Currently he is working on an exhibit called A Soldier’s Scrapbook containing mementos, artifacts, journals, and other historic items from the Second World War. You’ve been asked to work on a page for an interactive kiosk used by visitors to the exhibit. Jakob has already supplied much of the text and graphics for the kiosk pages but he wants you to complete the job by working on the page  layout. The page you will work on provides an overview of the Normandy beach landings on June 6th, 1944. Since this page will be displayed only on the kiosk monitor, whose screen dimensions are known, you’ll employ a fixed layout based on a screen width of 1152 pixels. Jakob also wants you to include an interactive map of the Normandy coast where the user can hover a mouse pointer over location markers to view information associated with each map point. To create this effect, you’ll mark each map point as a hypertext link so that you can apply the hover pseudo-class to the location. In addition to the interactive map, Jakob wants you to create a drop cap for the first letter of the first paragraph in the article describing the Normandy invasion. *Figure 3–85* shows a preview of the page you’ll create.

![A webpage of Normandy Invasion Kiosk.  The page header displays the heading “A soldier’s scrapbook” with a photo behind.  Six navigation links Blitzkrieg, Battle of Britain, Normandy Invasion, Market Garden, Fall of Berlin, and Postwar Upheaval are given below the page header. A pane at the left displays a section with the heading, The Normandy Invasion with three descriptive paragraphs below it. A pane at the right displays an interactive map in which the pointer is hovered above the map marker. Two paragraphs below the map display the information about the location.](../assets/mO3FqTiQvOMjVR6ZjKzR.png)
<sup>*Figure 3-85*</sup>

